let's see because yesterday yesterday I made a
little mistake with this whole
information thing okay because Antonio David
put in the title of his live broadcast I don't know
what I don't know how much and exclusive and I
thought it was exclusive I thought
last night it was exclusive to the
live broadcast because I didn't see the whole thing it's 4
hours he marked 4 hours of live the
horny yesterday I thought the exclusive
was the video that he put up of the
looks operation Oscar Cornejo declaring in
court I think it was but no no
the exclusive is this one that we're going to see
next okay And it's that it gave a
pretty powerful headline which is the
following
Mediaset will disassociate itself from the
television factory before October 1st it will
sell its 30%
shareholding ending its
corporate relationship this definitive break is being brought
forward since Borja Prado wanted it to
be effective after the
indictment from the Prosecutor's Office for the de luxe operation
and honestly I don't understand this move very well
this move and this
movement I don't know if our Paola will be here
in the chat but I
don't understand this movement very well
By  what to get rid of that 30% and if they
make a profit or a loss
the truth is if they make a profit Or if they
do
and if they do or if they make a loss
It's that I don't understand why let's see
I understand that if they are going to stop working
with them almost that they are disassociating themselves from
them Even in that sense No because
if Mediaset has 30% of what the
production company is the shares of the production company
but of course now it is
also being said that no, that not only are they not
going to stop working with the
television factory but that they also
regret having stopped broadcasting
Sálvame in such a radical way and that they are
now going to be a format at night
with Jorge Javier so here
I have doubts about these movements and I
don't understand much why but well,
in that last Sálvame that some of
you who have seen it will
remember it looks like Oscar Cornejo
sees that something very ugly is coming for the
television factory Let's see, it's that I
personally may be wrong and I have
said this on several occasions
that no  I can predict the future,
obviously I'm not a jurist or a
lawyer or anything like that But I
personally, you've probably heard it from me
many times, is that I think that
I think that nothing is going to happen to the TV factory
with the
light operation, you are the only ones who are clear, no,
or rather, what you are here right now in
the chat
Javi, have you changed your
eating and lifestyle, it would have
also served you without products, young and
thin, watch out, each one of us is unique behind the
success there are several factors, encouragement Let's
see, José, of course you can do it
alone but maybe it's not the same Maybe it
's not the same or maybe you can't
afford it Tomorrow I'll explain it better
José Tomorrow I'll explain it better but
man, when it's a diet as strict
as the one I've done in which you
completely eliminate fat you
need to take supplements or
at least if you need them. In any
case, I advise on nutrition and
advice, I'm not going to give it as an option because that's
not my responsibility and I'm not a
professional or anything like that And it does
n't even cross my mind to give you
advice
on anything, that's the most I'll do Tomorrow  will
be to explain what I have done
What are the steps that I have followed and I am
going to recommend Belén that come on I do
not recommend it now Belén Cosío
But why not because I do not have at hand her
Instagram account understands me tomorrow and
also I want to show it well with the
video in conditions that they are
preparing the editor okay but
the reason for the supplements because
you can not lack certain things is
that there are people who suddenly get on a
super beast super strict diet and
man that neither I mean
the body needs fats the
body needs fat and it needs everything
so if you are leaving aside some
things you have to compensate for it a little That
is the idea but anyway
I am not going to know nor explain it
well or anything like that
professionals okay I will recommend who
has taken me in case there is someone
who wants to do it and wants to follow my
step without more that each one
director of the dome of the
television factory laughed when in the program in
sálvame they gave the news that they were
leaving to Netflix
this This caught my attention I do not know if
we will I do not know if we will
comment on it
tomorrow  ibai will be glued to your
live Well eBay should do it
because [ __ ] what happens is that it is a lot of
sacrifice but damn if I have been able to
do what I am the worst I eat very badly
this caught my attention the day
that happened the last day of sálvame when they
broke the ethical code again I don't know
if we discussed it in any of the videos
or in some of the live shows okay but
this I noticed at that moment that they
broke the ethical code because they felt like it
and they announced the
Netflix thing from sálvame they
broke the ethical code but under their
noses again
under their noses
eh Imagine how they get on top
of Mediaset because they break
that ethical code once again they once again
promote a
television channel that is a competitor of
Telecinco
in addition to having announced it live
on the program they make sure that in the
country you already have one more subscribed Javi
pitufa but I need you to pick up
the cell phones of all your relatives
today I need you to pick up the cell phones of
all your relatives and you  you guys start
subscribing
from all your
family members' phones, I mean, we
have to get the
100,000 straight away. I also need you to take the
phones of La hija de todo's husband and
hit the subscribe button on
telesalseo.
Also, if the news leaks that they were
going to Netflix,
what I'm telling you is causing
Borja Prado to bring forward his strategy to be
able to definitively break off the
working relationship with his partner, the
TV factory, where Median has 30% of the
shares
with a commitment date.
And I say with a commitment date
because the condition
that Borja Prado set after the
trick they played on him on Sálvame by
announcing on the program that they were going to
Netflix and also leaking the news
to the country,
Borja Prado said
that the sale of that 30% of
the TV factory's shares
will be up for sale
before October 1st.
But I don't understand why I
don't understand this, the truth is they
're promoting it and they're going to
punish them. It's not clear, it's like what's
left in me  I [ __ ] in the
convent No yes but I don't understand why
or what and what happens if they sell that 30%
I don't fully understand what is
behind this the truth is I don't get it, I
mean, that 30% that
Mediaset has of the factory shared
with the TV factory will be sold, in other words
this is
[Music]
This is they sell it at a loss they sell it
at a profit
in this way Mediaset is going to
disassociate itself corporately from the
TV factory, in other words they are linked to
them no longer Borja Prado's intention
was another Borja Prado's strategy
was another what they intended was to
get rid of the TV factory
in terms of shares by selling that 30% Yeah
once the
indictment was ready for the light operation, let's
see, I understand
maybe I'm wrong but I don't know if I don't
know if it's correct as I understand it,
what I understand is that Mediaset the
leadership Okay, when the new directors take over, they
have the
issue, they have the issue because
they are an issue  that they have shares
that correspond to 30% of the
television factory, therefore, notice that they are getting
rid of the programs of the
television factory, for example, Sálvame was
said and it was very clear, I don't
remember. It was like super clear
that Socialité was also going to be removed and
the whole thing is a lie
and of course, in other words, you are throwing the
production company out of the network but the thing is that you
have shares in that production company
that you are throwing out of the network. In order to
have to disassociate yourself from everything, you would
also have to give up that 30% or else you would
also be losing part of
your assets.
What happens is that since they have a
certain commitment, since they had a certain
commitment
that they had to keep those shares
in their possession for x years, well, I
imagine that there would be certain clauses with
which they could break that commitment,
what could be a logical clause, well,
a logical clause would be an accusation, it
would be an accusation. Then they would
use the indictment to be
able to release that part of the
television factory that they had in their power,
right?
And now since they have broken the ethical code,
well, they could  having advanced it
That's what I understand this news,
otherwise I don't know what it is